# Cloud-intermediate
Intermediate REST API


Instructions
The information you will be modeling is boats and their loads (no slips in this assignment). A load can only be on one boat, but a boat can have many pieces of load. Here are example JSON responses of both boats and loads

Boat
{ "id": 1234,      # automatically generated by Datastore
  "name": "Sea Witch",  # The name of the boat, a string
  "type": "Catamaran",   # The type of boat, power boat, sailboat, catamaran etc. a string
  "length": 28,          # The length of the boat, an integer
  "loads":[
   {"id": 5678,
    "self":"https://appspot.com/loads/5678"},
    {"id": 8765,
    "self":"https://appspot.com/loads/8765"}
  ], # This embedded list does NOT need to paginate.
 "self":"https://appspot.com/boats/1234"
}
Load
{ "id": 5678, # automatically generated by the Datastore
  "volume": 5,     # The volume of the load, an integer
  "carrier": {
    "id": 1234,
    "name": "Sea Witch",
    "self": "https://appspot.com/boats/1234"
  },  # The boat carrying the load
  "item": "LEGO Blocks",
  "creation_date": "10/18/2020" # Date the load was created
  "self":"https://appspot.com/loads/5678"
}
Required Functionality
Create a boat
View a boat
View all boats
This must implement pagination.
It should return 3 boats per page.
There must be a next link to get the next page of results, unless there are no more pages of result (i.e., the last page of results shouldn't have the next link).
Delete a boat
Deleting a boat will unload any loads that were loaded on to it.
Create a load
All newly created loads should begin unassigned to any boat.
View a load
View all loads
It should implement pagination similar to view all boats, i.e., 3 loads per page and a next link.
Delete a load
Deleting a load should update the boat that was carrying it.
Managing loads
It should be possible to assign a load to a boat.
If a load is already assigned to one boat and then is assigned to another boat without first being removed, it should return a 403 status code.
It should be possible to remove a load from a boat without deleting that load.
View all loads for a given boat
This doesn't require pagination.
Self links
All representations of resources must have self links.
The link should go to the most direct location to find that resource.
Hints
You can use any code that has been discussed during lectures in the course.
You can use much of the same framework you created from the prior assignment. There are two main changes:
The data model now has a many-to-one relationship.
The REST API implements pagination
If we were using a relational database, we would have normalized the schema and stored the primary key of BOATS table as a foreign key in the LOADS table. 
But in a NoSQL database like Datastore, it is your choice how you model the relationship as long as your implementation supports the functionality. 
There is one restriction on the data model: you cannot store the self attribute in Datastore and must generate it on the fly.
We have provided you with a Postman Collection file  Download Postman Collection fileand a Postman Environment file  Download Postman Environment file, 
which we will use for testing your project.
In the Postman Collection, there are no tests related to pagination.
You are free to implement pagination using offsets and limits, or using cursors. But you must document this in your REST API doc.
We will manually verify and test pagination based on your doc.
 The Postman Environment file is similar to the file provided for Assignment 3 and contains 3 pre-defined variables
app_url: This allows you to easily run the test suite against the project running on your computer or against the project deployed on GCP.
To run against the project on your computer, set it to http://localhost:8080
To run against the project deployed on GCP, set it to the URL your project is deployed to, e.g., https://your-project-name.region.appspot.com
invalid_boat_id: This allows the suite to run tests against boats that don't exist. I have set its value to 1 and that should work for you as well.
invalid_load_id: Similar to above, to allow running tests against loads that don't exist.
You must use the API document from Assignment 3 as a guide for how to document your API. The document is available in rtf format  Download rtf format. 
If you want, feel free to use the document as a starting point for your document.
In addition to the listing of REST API endpoints, your doc must also include a Data Model section.
This section must describe the entities you are storing in Datastore .
Use the Data Model section in the provided document as a guide for this section.
If you have clarifying questions about the assignment, please ask them on Ed so that other students may benefit from them.
